doc: trusted storage lib doc update with zms (#18027)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Security libraries
------------------

* :ref:`trusted_storage_readme` library:

>   * Added support for the Zephyr Memory Storage (ZMS), as an alternative to the NVS file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added support for Zephyr Memory Storage (ZMS), as an alternative to the NVS file system.
```

>   * Added support for the ZMS file subsystem for devices that contain RRAM, such as the nRF54L Series devices.

Reviewer: I wouldn't call this a file subsystem or even file system... Also, it's not just for the 54L devices that it's available. Maybe change this to just:
```suggestion
  * Added support for ZMS as an alternative to NVS.
```
(edit: I noticed `file system` was already used for NVS. Maybe it's a correct terminology? Anyway, we can stick to that. But this sentence still needs an update anyway.)
